Question 1:
Explain how your architecture would change if this were a longer-term project rather than a short take-home assessment?

Answer:
To evolve this project to a long term project there are several factors to be considered. In the current approach
I have used LiteLLm an open-source library that allows us to switch out LLMs without much efforts. It also eases the process of multiple LLM integration 
with a same instantiation.
However to enhance this existing assessment level project. 
There are key factors that are to be considered. Lets discuss them in brief.

1. Introducing Backend architecture and scalability: 
The current system has is a monolithic streamlit application. For a long term project , transitioning to "micro-services approach" would be recommended.
using seprate services for:
(a) Authentication
(b) Intro Generation
(c) User Management

Allowing independent scaling of different components, enabling easier deployment and maintenance. Also provides a flexibility to use different technologies for different services.

2. Authentication and Security Key Enhancements
ALthough we are currently on a very basic version , yet we have a wide spectrum of expansion while developing a full-fledged backend.
One of them is 
(a) Implememnnting a robust auth system which everything from user login/signup, role based access(if required) & JWt based authentication.
(b) Securing API key Management: Moving away from existing direct API key input to implementing a secure system like using environment based config management.
(c) adding a rate limiting and usage tracking.

3. Next Important part of this architecture would be DATABASE INTEGRATION.
(a) Using database preferably persistent db to manage and store  
user generated scripts, 
saving generated intros,
tracking usage 

4. Now 4th and the very important part is "Model Selection and Management":
The existing approach, 
Model Selection --> static and user driven with pre-defined list of models and manual API key input.

in Enhanced architecture --> Intelligent and dynamic system --> Dynamically Selects optimal LLM based on multiple intelligent criteria
                                                                        |
                                                                        |
                                                                        |---------> like calculating model suitability score, performance score, 
                                                                                         average response time, cost effeciency, token limits etc.

This enhanced architecture now will proactively tracks model performance, implements automatic fallback mechanisms, and 
provides real-time insights into model selection. 
Whereas original one,
relied on manual selection and lacked adaptability.


5. Last would be Front-End Improvements.
(a) moving from streamlit to React for more robust framework and to have more control over the design.
(b) Responsiveness design.

6. Some advance feature 
(a) Integrating with youtube platform using youtube API,
Multiple language support                                                                        
